http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pál_Almásy	Pál Almásy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Saddler-McQueen	Jimmy Saddler-McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Lee_(actor)	Stephen Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Trinity	Sons of Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorman	Condorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Torlonia,_4th_Prince_of_Civitella-Cesi	Marino Torlonia, 4th Prince of Civitella-Cesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Liars	Lovers and Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chetan_Anand_(director)	Chetan Anand (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestertown,_Maryland	Chestertown, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijeta	Vijeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Children_(film)	Nobody's Children (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(Zee_album)	Identity (Zee album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Dürrenmatt	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ritter_von_Epp	Franz Ritter von Epp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flores,_El_Petén	Flores, El Petén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_the_Woods_(1936_film)	Winter in the Woods (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnel_Pineda	Arnel Pineda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydro_Thunder	Hydro Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruna_Babangida	Haruna Babangida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_New_Jersey	Province of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrio_Fino	Barrio Fino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov_(1921_film)	The Brothers Karamazov (1921 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Busy_Thinking_About_My_Baby	Too Busy Thinking About My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Excelsis_Deo	In Excelsis Deo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filling_Up_the_City_Skies	Filling Up the City Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury,_Massachusetts	Shrewsbury, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Trefulka	Jan Trefulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviateca	Aviateca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Else	Somebody Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Boy_(Alan_Jackson_song)	Country Boy (Alan Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_(album)	Watertown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie's_Got_a_Gun	Janie's Got a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydar_Aliyev_International_Airport	Heydar Aliyev International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_Me_an_Angel_(Scorpions_song)	Send Me an Angel (Scorpions song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Farewell	Restless Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(Donell_Jones_album)	Life Goes On (Donell Jones album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth_Dying_For_(novel)	Worth Dying For (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men_(1939_film)	Of Mice and Men (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omega_Code	The Omega Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Moody	Blair Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols	Mike Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_IX_of_León	Alfonso IX of León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidoo_(film)	Skidoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_(will.i.am_song)	Bang Bang (will.i.am song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_You_In_This_Storm	Praise You In This Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trish_Van_Devere	Trish Van Devere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Breaker_(1914_film)	The Ghost Breaker (1914 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chairul_Tanjung	Chairul Tanjung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laan_mig_din_kone	Laan mig din kone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_Cezar_Xavier	Wilton Cezar Xavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_6	Game 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Zucker_(businessman)	Jerry Zucker (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Kelly_(actress)	Paula Kelly (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velocity_of_Gary	The Velocity of Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estadio_Viera	Estadio Viera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Di_Venanzo	Gianni Di Venanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalău	Zalău
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ke_Quan	Jonathan Ke Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy,_Wealthy_and_Dumb	Healthy, Wealthy and Dumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Bee_Gees_song)	One (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_(1920_film)	Pollyanna (1920 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Rainbow_Coalition	National Rainbow Coalition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Wesleyan_University	Ohio Wesleyan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_of_Russia	Anna of Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horses_(1995_film)	Wild Horses (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Initiative_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_episode)	The Initiative (Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson_Mount	Anson Mount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Tahiti	South of Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflower_(Superfly_song)	Wildflower (Superfly song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tucker	Chris Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluczbork_County	Kluczbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Dogs	The Wild Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperately_(Don_Williams_song)	Desperately (Don Williams song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitty_Chitty_Bang_Bang	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harris_(musician)	Steve Harris (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Shepp	Archie Shepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Landgrave_of_Thuringia	Louis II, Landgrave of Thuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhunt_2	Manhunt 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Are_Not_Gods	Men Are Not Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caligula	Caligula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scissors_Cut	Scissors Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberuzwil	Oberuzwil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M'hamed_Benguettaf	M'hamed Benguettaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(2005_film)	House of Wax (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotrków_Trybunalski	Piotrków Trybunalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_D	House of D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungleland	Jungleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McGraw	Charles McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_8th_Wife	Bluebeard's 8th Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Funky_Enough	It's Funky Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduchess_Agnes_Christina_of_Austria	Archduchess Agnes Christina of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme_Fatale_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)	Femme Fatale (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadaka_no_Kokoro	Hadaka no Kokoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Señorita_(Justin_Timberlake_song)	Señorita (Justin Timberlake song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_R._Kann	Peter R. Kann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Binney	Horace Binney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_F._Pettigrew	Richard F. Pettigrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Bleibtreu	Moritz Bleibtreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch-As-Catch-Can	Scratch-As-Catch-Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Soldier_Schweik_(1960_film)	The Good Soldier Schweik (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Duterte	Rodrigo Duterte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noël_Godin	Noël Godin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Made_Who	Who Made Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1956_film)	The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housemaid_(2010_film)	The Housemaid (2010 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultans_of_Swing:_The_Very_Best_of_Dire_Straits	Sultans of Swing: The Very Best of Dire Straits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fonda	Peter Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Theby	Rosemary Theby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_Deficit_(album)	Attention Deficit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Josephine_of_Denmark	Princess Josephine of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day-In_Day-Out	Day-In Day-Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turok:_Evolution	Turok: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Murphy	Chet Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Secret_Treasure	Tarzan's Secret Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selim_Sırrı_Tarcan	Selim Sırrı Tarcan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Novak	Kim Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Engelhard,_Jr.	Charles W. Engelhard, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Heisserer	Eric Heisserer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaxaca	Oaxaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ider_River	Ider River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Brunel	Adrian Brunel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(Angel)	Conviction (Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula's_Widow	Dracula's Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrizio_De_Angelis	Fabrizio De Angelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Said_I_Would	Who Said I Would
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Hood	I'm So Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inn_(river)	Inn (river)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_CL-Class_(C216)	Mercedes-Benz CL-Class (C216)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Dreben	Burton Dreben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Sills	Milton Sills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_a_Long_Time	Tomorrow Is a Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_Akbar_Anthony	Amar Akbar Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Kibbee	Guy Kibbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Lamb	Christina Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staré_Město_(Šumperk_District)	Staré Město (Šumperk District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Belvaux	Lucas Belvaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Hurts_(Slow)	It Hurts (Slow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Like_Nobody's_Watching_(30_Rock)	Dance Like Nobody's Watching (30 Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Law_(1968_film)	Beyond the Law (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remixes_(Shakira_album)	The Remixes (Shakira album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harakiri_(album)	Harakiri (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Fizzarotti	Armando Fizzarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Sun	Distant Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chachi_420	Chachi 420
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Eleonora_Jørgensen	Ann Eleonora Jørgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Mary_(2Pac_song)	Hail Mary (2Pac song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starachowice_County	Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veit_Harlan	Veit Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friesach	Friesach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro,_Buenos_Aires	San Pedro, Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fists_of_Legend	Fists of Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajjad_Zaheer	Sajjad Zaheer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FO_ŽP_Šport_Podbrezová	FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Duchess_Elena_Pavlovna_of_Russia	Grand Duchess Elena Pavlovna of Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthe_de_Rohan	Berthe de Rohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Thomas	Jake Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(1912_film)	Quo Vadis (1912 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaídos	Balaídos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Dempster	Carol Dempster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sant_Boi_de_Llobregat	Sant Boi de Llobregat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodil_Udsen	Bodil Udsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Albert_Rotunda	Fat Albert Rotunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Zanzibar_(1928_film)	West of Zanzibar (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Loaded	Living Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Gevers	Marie Gevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alster	Alster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bernard_Shaw	George Bernard Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiva_Yaglom	Akiva Yaglom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Krugman	Paul Krugman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Ng	Ana Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Socialist_Ba'ath_Party_–_Iraq_Region	Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Iraq Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudhaliya_IV	Tudhaliya IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stockwell	Harry Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodonín	Hodonín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinsessoja_ja_astronautteja	Prinsessoja ja astronautteja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_County,_Kentucky	Christian County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_(1966_film)	Kitchen (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siniša_Varga	Siniša Varga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prokopis_Pavlopoulos	Prokopis Pavlopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_gegen_Mann	Mann gegen Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Forest_Girl_(1933_film)	The Black Forest Girl (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiele_Sanchez	Kiele Sanchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Electric	Silk Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time_(album)	Out of Time (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hawkins_Polk	William Hawkins Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_of_a_Kind_(The_X-Files)	Three of a Kind (The X-Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Jelinek	Hanns Jelinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Poe	Conrad Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_V,_Elector_Palatine	Frederick V, Elector Palatine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sándor_Lezsák	Sándor Lezsák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan's_Reef	Donovan's Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakup_2_Makeup	Breakup 2 Makeup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Julien	Max Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_bambole	Le bambole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Suzor	Mark Suzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Black_Wings	Blessed Black Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.P.1	F.P.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Need_Another_Hero_(Thunderdome)	We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Roberts_Harris	Patricia Roberts Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Camillo:_Monsignor	Don Camillo: Monsignor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_County,_Kentucky	Spencer County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_on_My_Heart	Cover on My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ŠK_Slovan_Bratislava	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Me_to_You	From Me to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Messenger_(2014_film)	Kill the Messenger (2014 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainsboro_Township,_New_Jersey	Plainsboro Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Søren_Kragh-Jacobsen	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo's_Factory	Cosmo's Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Owe_Me	You Owe Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Rocco	Alex Rocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Tombs	Welcome to the Tombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Çetin_Altan	Çetin Altan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Innocent_Man	An Innocent Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Muntaqim	Abdul Muntaqim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mix_Master	Mix Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee_Jones	Tommy Lee Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Herbert_Walker_III	George Herbert Walker III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_bin_Saeed_Al_Maktoum	Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APOEL_FC	APOEL FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Hamáček	Jan Hamáček
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Iommi	Tony Iommi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verónica_Orozco	Verónica Orozco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_of_Lancaster,_1st_Duke_of_Clarence	Thomas of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Clarence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mosely_Pennock	Alexander Mosely Pennock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_to_Marry	Girls to Marry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatown_(1974_film)	Chinatown (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bex	Bex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantology	Rantology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_López_Michelsen	Alfonso López Michelsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_in_Real_Life	Dan in Real Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sure_Know_Something	Sure Know Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinnikuman_(film)	Kinnikuman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Accra_Region	Greater Accra Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmendingen	Emmendingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Philips	Frits Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Truckers	Space Truckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Bodies_(film)	Warm Bodies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_due_toreri	I due toreri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Avery	Margaret Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_to_Me_(1944_film)	Come Back to Me (1944 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Owens_(1961_album)	Buck Owens (1961 album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Bridges_(song)	Building Bridges (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_Mong-koo	Chung Mong-koo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_University	Temple University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_Enríquez	Juana Enríquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dropsy_(video_game)	Dropsy (video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_(Anita_Baker_album)	Rapture (Anita Baker album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cling_Cling	Cling Cling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hell_(film)	Green Hell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garasu_no_Kaze	Garasu no Kaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runway_Cop	Runway Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Seagrove	Jenny Seagrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatyana_Lolova	Tatyana Lolova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electrifying_Aretha_Franklin	The Electrifying Aretha Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molopo_River	Molopo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cristina_of_Naples_and_Sicily	Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Sousa	Pedro Sousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassili_Airlines	Tassili Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kiel	Richard Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Page_Woman	Front Page Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Riddlehoover	Matt Riddlehoover
